# Contributing to MuserSDL

## Style

The coding style is Google's.

##  Code Orientation

The code intends on being modular so that it is easy to read. Without exceptions, any function should have no more than 15 lines of code.  
Commits should be clear. They can be expressed in one line or in multi-line markdown format.

## Embedding

To notice that this project is using some kind of embedding.  
To embed files, simply put the file into `res/` folder and regenerate cmake.  
For more information please read `CMakeLists.txt`.

## Contributing
The following terms are referrential and cross contextual:  
+ **Unrelated files**: Files that are not directly associated with this project and is not from author-specified domains.
+ **Code**: The code that is edited or created by the contributor(s).
+ **Project**: [Muser-SDL](https://github.com/QiuFeng54321/muser-SDL)
+ **Privacy Data**: Files and directories that is neither under the cloned (or downloaded) project's top and sub directories nor in the same directory under the executables generated by this project.

To contribute, you must obey the following rules:  
+ You MUST NOT submit codes that may upload users' (or clients') privacy data.
+ You MUST NOT submit codes that may download unrelated files to local storage.
+ The code that you submit MUST NOT contain political statements nor sensitive data (e.g. user password).

The pull requests sent to this repository are to be verified by the rules specified before.

Note that the rules can be changed by the maintainer or the author of this project.
